feat(Forms): add `Form.Card` with different default appearance than Card (use `Form.Card` in forms instead of Card) (#4318)
dnbexperience/eufemia: packages/dnb-design-system-portal/src/docs/uilib/extensions/forms/Form/Card/info.mdx

---
showTabs: true
hideInMenu: true
---

## Description

> `Form.Card` is a wrapper for the [Card](/uilib/components/card/) component to make it easier to use inside a form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Form.Card` is a wrapper for the [Card](/uilib/components/card/) component to make it easier to use in Eufemia Forms.
```

?

Or maybe just forms, as it was, is good enough.
